Kahu Fred Sterling is a bona fide medium.
He channels a being known as Kireal.
This relationship has lasted more than 20 years,
throughout which a great deal of information
has been brought to light.
His journey into mediumship was totally unexpected,
even embarrassing to him,
as he was enjoying a successful career
as an automobile dealership general manager.
Today, thousands of people show up
for his presentations to hear Kirael's words,
some of which may be very startling.
(mystical music)
Kahu, you've had a very interesting journey in life,
and you've ridden through a lot of
really imperative information
that peoples of the planet really need
at this point in time.
But that's not where you began.
This has been a long journey,
and if you wouldn't mind, just for a few minutes
giving us some background on your roots.
Well, that's a really interesting thought,
because I don't,
I have very good memories up until
about eight from, I had nothing from zero to eight.
My mother was married, very embarrassing,
but she was married seven times.
And I was party to one of 'em,
I was about the third or fourth one in to be born, and
so it was very hard for me to
have a bunch of things to talk about.
As I said the first eight years, I have nothing there,
zero, blank.
But from that point on I had some
really good things that took place.
You know, my schooling was good,
and a lot of the things that
I think people pray for in their life,
and I use the word prayer,
I'll probably do it 10 times throughout this interview,
I use the word pray not because
I'm a minister, yes, I am,
but I don't use prayer as a lead to anything,
yet I do pray a lot, because
this whole journey, what I'm trying to say to you is this,
this whole journey of my childhood
was really matter-of-fact, about eight years old,
my mother had another son, the final son,
and the father left very quickly thereafter.
There's a couple more husbands
beyond that point, but this,
this whole journey, I became his father
at nine or 10 years old.
Your brother's father.
Yeah, right, so at nine or 10 years old
I had this baby brother,
and it was really,
caused me to grow very quickly,
and I think that probably for much of my,
what I'm doing right now
had a bearing on that right there because
I had to grow up at 10 or 11 years old
because I had to, believe or not,
I say this without any hesitation
because it's really truth.
I remember my mother telling me that
it's important for me to go to school,
but I had to get her up and get her to work
at midnight every night.
She worked midnight to eight in the morning.
So I had to get her up at 11.
I had to go out and start the car.
It was the winter, had to go out, start the car,
and then come back in and fix her lunch
to take to work.
So people'd say, "Oh, you poor thing."
Well it wasn't really a poor thing,
because that's the only thing I knew,
so it wasn't that bad, but it did have a
major effect on my schooling, that period,
and I just barely got through high school.
I'll be very honest with you, I just barely got through
this whole journey, and then
I didn't know what to do.
Where was this in the world?
New York, New York, Poughkeepsie, New York.
People might not even know this, but
not, see, there you go.
It's not really Poughkeepsie,
it's a little place called Dover Plains, New York,
which you blink and you go,
there's no stop light or anything, so,
you could have missed it.
But anyway, what I was saying is that
right soon after that, right after my high school,
I was working at Holland Valley State Hospital
which a criminally insane place, but
it was shortly thereafter I got this little piece,
letter from the government, said,
"Greetings and saluations, we want you in the Army."
And I thought, well, that's gonna be great,
but who's gonna take care of my kid brother,
my mother, and so on and so forth.
Well they didn't leave me any options,
there was no options made, so
I went in the Army, and that was the greatest thing,
because
via Vietnam I got through this Vietnam thing
and met my wife in Hawaii,
'69 I, '68 or '69, I'm sorry.
She's gonna yell at me, but '68 or '69, and
that was the end of my career for my wife,
my mother and my son.
My son, see, I'm saying, my own brother.
My older brother and my older sister
had long since been out of the picture.
So that whole journey was more than I really,
I have talked more about you, with you,
than I've talked to anybody in a long time, because
people don't even know that I have
a younger brother, (laughs) or a mother,
or anything else.
They're all gone now, my mother died, but
my brother lives in Colorado.
I have one brother that's a Mormon elder.
It's so cute. (chuckles)
'Cause every time when I fly over the California,
this area right here, I can see
she's blessing her because
it's probably, I be a medium and everything,
it's really hard on her, you know. (laughs)
So anyway,
Yeah, you were probably a little hard to swallow
for the family, huh?
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Really quick story, my sister,
who I thought all this time,
was the only two of us in the family
that had the same mother and father,
which would be Don, my father,
and just about oh, a couple a,
two years before my stroke,
about a year before my stroke I had stroke,
my sister called and she said
she was devastated.
I said, "What happened?"
She'd just started following my career,
and been enjoying it I think, anyway,
but anyway, something was said
and she needed to get her birth certificate.
So she wrote to Watertown, New York
to get her birth certificate and she got it back and,
her father wasn't on.
It was Don's brother. (laughs)
Oh no.
We didn't even know.
Oh, your mom was a live wire. (laughs)
You know, and I don't know why,
what happened at that point,
but we haven't had much contact since then.
Yeah, really, so again, my whole family is,
my family is my wife and my son.
That's my whole family.
I mean really seriously.
But you have Native American blood.
Absolutely, yes.
Is that on the mother or father's side?
It was on my mother's side.
On your mother's side, okay.
Most assuredly.
So now, as you come back from Vietnam,
at what point in your life,
because we want to get into some
very meaty topics here,
did you start noticing this ability
in terms of mediumship,
and when did you meet Kireal?
Is it Kireal?
Kireal, yeah.
When did I meet him?
About 20, roughly about 22 years
after I came out of Vietnam.
How'd that happen?
I had a whole new world.
I went into this journey and,
remember, I only had a high school education.
And it was, that was back,
at that time was more important
for everybody to think I had a great education,
so on and so forth, but I didn't.
I told everybody truth, you know.
And so I went in the car business,
the automobile business, and
this again, this is wonderful, because
I'm glad to say this, because
I started out as a lot boy,
and scrubbing the overheads inside the cars,
and there was a little 20-car lot,
and the guy, Don again, like my father's name,
but anyway, Don said you couldn't make it
in the big car sales, but you can
clean my cars for me, and I said okay.
I was working driving an ambulance,
'cause I was, bein' medic, combat medic.
It wasn't hard for me to get a job
drivin' an ambulance, right?
So I had the two jobs, and
I was goin' down there every day,
and my wife was already pregnant,
and so anyway, long story made short,
a man by the name of Mike Salta Pontiac,
or Mike Salta came in and opened up
a Pontiac dealership in Hawaii.
If you wanted to buy a car, any car in Hawaii,
you went to the dealer and you got the list price
and you paid it and then you left.
Well, Mike Salta came in, and he said,
"Come in and make us an offer."
And we went, "How does that work?"
So he had to train the whole state of Hawaii
how to buy a car.
And he did.
We did it.
I got the job, and
started out as a salesman.
Went through salesman, assistant manager,
finance manager, used car manager,
new car manager, director of sales,
and finally went all the way to the top
into general manager.
And I'm, it was really fascinating,
because at this point is where I met Master Kireal.
At the height of my career,
of money,
In auto sales.
Oh yeah,
and we're not talkin'
Okay, tell me how
this happened.
(laughs) I'm not totally,
well I do know how, but
I was at the pinnacle of my career
with this whole journey, and
my wife was doing things behind,
not behind my back by any stretch of imagination,
but she was doin' all this stuff that I wasn't invited to,
and because I didn't want to be invited
to this whole journey, right.
But I just wanted to go and see what she was doing, so
And are you talking things
of a more spiritual or metaphysical, paranormal
nature?
All of it,
right there, 'cause I was taking it,
I would go this, right, you know. (laughs)
But anyway, I thought just to,
I'd go check it out and make sure,
'cause any could be very uncomfortable for her,
and my job, it doesn't look good for my job.
What I'm saying to you is that
the difference between the general manager
and a salesman is a world of,
this world beyond worlds.
But this whole journey was,
I was gonna check, I think I was checking for her,
but maybe check for myself, I'm not sure.
But anyway, I went there, and
met this lovely lady.
She was called a medium.
I said, "A medium, what's a medium?"
I didn't know what a medium was.
So anyway I went to,
and I went through this whole journey,
and I just loved her.
She was so pronounced and so,
she was so sweet and kind, there was nothing
about the bad things in life, and this and all that.
Everything had a good, positive spin, so
about a week later I told Patti, I said,
"I want to go back again."
She said, "You want to what?"
And I said I want to go back again.
She said, "Why?"
And I said, "Well because I need to check and make sure,"
what I was seeing, you know.
So I went, and about three or four times,
seriously, almost week after week,
and this lady was channeling every week, and
I'll never forget it, because one night,
I got there.
And first of all, they had her sit like here,
then had these chairs around her like this,
like a U-shape, and I sat outside that one.
So I sat behind that.
'Cause I didn't want everybody to think
I was part of this whole journey, right.
I think, this is what happened is,
I know it happened because I just dozed off.
I just (inhales) and went down, and
the next thing I knew I was waking up
and the U of people had changed their positions
and they were all facing me.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, that's where Master Kireal came in.
So what I say to you and everybody out there listening,
I am a full-blown medium, I mean full-blown medium,
because I have no idea where I'm gonna go,
but, now after this many years I know what to do,
but for the first time I was scared.
I walked away from that meeting,
I didn't want anything to do with this, period.
Because lady had a little
tape recorder, and she played it back,
and he has a,
you can hear it later on in the program,
but he has a defined
Scottish accent.
Defined Scottish accent.
And in fact so much then,
you couldn't even hardly understand it
because it was so thick and brogue-ish.
But anyway, that was my whole journey right there.
That was where Master Kireal came in,
and I think it was about
41 or 42 years old when it started.
And I'm a little bit older than that now for sure. (laughs)
But it's 20 years I've been working with him.
20 years, and I always want to say this
because I love him so much, but
he has never ever sat in this chair
and had opportunity to speak to somebody
and have somethin', just because he,
he said it yesterday, he's saying it today,
I've never heard him repeat anything with anybody.
Unbelievable.
Now if you talk about
the President or other things, the new President
and so on and so forth,
he has a few things he wants to say about them, you know,
And I know what they are.
And we're going
to go into that.
Yeah, okay, so that was my whole journey,
and that's probably more information
than you'll ever want, but that's
really what it is.
No, no that's,
I'm fascinated.
It is amazing.
I think that so many of the people that I've met
who are genuine mediums,
it usually came upon quite accidentally.
It was not invited in.
It was something that came about, so to speak.
And to me that always,
on a psychological level, that always adds this
kind of authenticity,
(Kahu laughs)
shall we say, because it wasn't as though
they were studying and looking for it.
It was there whether they liked it or not.
And so I love that part of the story.
Let me just add this in.
I had a high income of six-digit income
when he came in.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, uh-oh,
down the hills, you know.
So what happened to your six-figure income
after this experience where everyone seated around you
listening to you do something you were
totally unaware of.
Well, as I said, I was going to say,
I did it, for some time I had nothing to do with it,
because it was too freaky for me,
because his voice was comin' out of my body.
It wasn't my voice, and I didn't like it,
and I thought maybe that I might have,
I didn't know what was happening.
But after a while I got back to it,
and then I was actually transferred
up to Sacramento, California.
Really?
Yeah, that's right.
My general managership brought me up here,
and it's right here in this city
I did my first public appearance
being the general manager from
the Florin Acura Dealership.
It was one of the high line cars back then,
20 years ago, you know, and
so I wanted to do it with a mask on or something,
But I didn't.
So anyway, you're really question is
is how did I cope with this loss of income
because I los--
Well, first of all, how'd you lose your income,
and how did you cope?
(chuckles) I went back to Hawaii for a vacation.
Been up here for about a year or so.
And I was there and met another man
in Hawaii that wanted me to be general manager
at his for a Rolls Royce upline dealership,
which I said for years, I said
this was the worst thing that ever happened to me,
not knowing who was behind all of this.
And I'll tell you in a minute, because
it was about a year I was working for him,
I'd been with Salta for like 20 years,
and about a year later he called me into his office,
(stammers) I'm sorry, in Hawaii,
they call me in the office and he said,
"Fred, you've done a wonderful job.
"You're just like walkin' on water,"
and all this stuff he said.
"But what you really did, you helped me realize
"that I could do it, so you're fired."
I'd never been fired anything, anywhere.
I was fired.
I sat there, and I said,
"What do you mean, I'm fired?"
He said, "Well, you can be a sales manager if you want to,"
and I said, "No, I don't want to be anything,
"what do you mean I'm fired?"
And he said, "Well, it means you're not,
"no longer with this company."
And I said, "Oh my god, okay."
So I got up and I left.
I walked out there, I had to call Patti,
and I said, "I don't know how to tell you this,
"but I don't work there anymore."
And she said, "You were fired?"
And I said, "Yes, fired."
She said, "Oh my god."
So devastation.
Now I tried to stay in the car business.
I had a couple of people that I'd known,
but anyway just a matter of a few months or whatever,
and I had to get out and had to meet with Master Kirael,
and he told me, he said,
he didn't talk like I'm talking to you,
but he made me understand
that I could make money as a medium,
but I had to do certain things.
I said, "What certain things?"
He said, "Well, you probably have to write a book,
"or something like that."
I went, "Write a book?
"I just barely got out of high school, Kirael,
"you understand that?
"I've been in the car business for my life,
"you know, it's all I know anything about anything."
And he said, "Yeah, but you know a lot more
"because I'm gonna help you."
And I said, "Well, if you're gonna help."
And he actually wrote the first book himself.
You know, you can tell if you've read it,
you see that
The name of
the first book?
The Great Shift.
The Great Shift, and he was telling right back then,
20 years ago, he was telling everybody
that this is gonna happen somewhere after 2000,
the year 2000 year,
at the time of this great shift.
And I had to take
this whole journey on face value.
I got a small little shop,
and I put some crystals in it,
and I put some books in it,
and I did healings.
Healings, what are healings?
Where did all this stuff come from?
I was like a brand new person,
like everything was brand new for me.
But anyway, I did it, and then
I had a couple of people come in that wanted jobs,
and I said, "I'd love to, but I don't have any money.
"I don't have any money."
They said, "Well we'll go with you.
"And I said, "Okay."
And one of those, Gail Jan, who's my PA right now,
she just, she said
this whole journey with her,
she said that
she wanted to do something
that helped mankind.
And I said, "Okay, well, I can do that."
Luckily my wife was working at the time.
She was executive vice president
of an insurance company, and so
she helped a lot, this whole journey.
Over a period of time we actually started making
when I started doing private sessions for $85 an hour,
hour and a half, I think, some ungodly figure.
About an hour and a half for $85,
and that was all there was to this whole journey.
And then I got this healing going in,
and actually cured a lot,
I don't want to say cured.
Helped a lot of people find their journey
back to health again, right.
And it was so powerful because
I was beginning to actually believe in myself.
I say that in great seriousness.
I was actually becoming to understand myself,
and what I had to offer to the people
who wanted to come see me,
but it didn't come with money somehow.
It didn't, people'd come in,
and they'd, I took this lady,
too long a story but I'll tell you this,
she had something before she met me,
she had a problem with her lung, and
the doctor said, "Well, we've caught it very timely,
"but we're gonna cut off half your lung
"and we'll see how that goes."
And it worked for about a year,
and then she started coughing again,
and she went back to the doctor and he said,
"Well, it's in the other lung now.
"You can't cut off two half-ends."
Two half-lobes, right.
So they were putting the time that she'd have left
to do on this earth plane.
So she heard about me and she came into see me,
and she said, "I don't know
"if you can help me or not, but if anybody can,
"it's gotta be something outside of what
"the doctor understands because they're telling me
"I'm gonna die."
And I said, "Well, I don't believe that,
"but let's work and..."
Long story short we worked for about months,
months after month, and one night at my home,
my phone rang,
and it was her husband on the phone.
And he said, "Kahu, you've gotta listen
"to what I'm hearing."
And I said, "What's that?"
He said, "Just listen."
I said, "I'm not hearing anything."
He said, "That's right.
"She's not coughing."
I said, "Well, that's strange.
"What's she doing?
"Get her on the phone."
So she got on the phone, and I said,
"How long has it been?"
She said, "Well, it's about two months now,"
I'm sorry, "two weeks ago."
And I said, "When did it stop?"
She said, "Right after our last appointment,
"it just stopped, just cold."
So she said, "I'm gonna go see the doctor,
"and see what he says."
She went and saw the doctor
and she came down to the healing center
and she said, "I'm cured.
"It's all gone.
"It's nothing on my lung, anywhere.
"They were so shocked."
But the reason I bring this up is because
that was my first example, many since,
but this was my first example
of somebody coming to me and something telling,
the doctor saying that there's no hope for you.
There's no hope for you, and it says
right in the medical journal this is incurable.
Well, not only is it,
did they have to go back and re-print the journal.
And they couldn't put in it for me,
'cause you know, they can't just say,
"Some healer goin' boo-boo," you know.
That's not (chuckles)
Doesn't wash with the AMA, yeah.
That's right, so anyway, that was my first
really powerful experience.
And she gave me a hundred dollars.
A hundred dollars, and I thought that was great.
Just wonderful, a hundred dollars, oh my god,
that's so, amazed, because
people were giving five.
I had a lady come in and give me two
packages of onions and cabbage head.
I mean that's how bad it was, you know.
I'm trying to run a business and they're giving,
tryin' to pay me off with cabbage heads.
(laughing)
It's that simple.
After a six-figure income.
Oh, yes, from six, this is a wish--
But this healing journey was then
that you fully recognized that it had begun,
and I need to ask you a question.
What does Kahu mean?
Kahu is this, it's a Hawaiian word for elder,
for spiritual elder.
He's a spiritual, I'm,
that happened really quickly.
I was with another friend of mine,
was doing a journey on the Big Island in Hawaii,
and he asked me to come do speaking for him,
and I did, and when I was standing there,
with this, probably a hundred people in this fold,
and these two Hawaiian males came into this journey,
come into this auditorium, right,
and they said, "We're looking for the minister Fred."
And so the guy said, "Well, that's him,"
and he said, "Okay," so he comes in.
They said, "We're gonna do this.
"We're gonna do it right here in front of everybody."
Now I had no idea it was coming.
Not slight of idea did I have.
And they said, "We're gonna
"make you a Kahu for the community."
And I went, "Okay."
I didn't know what a Kahu meant,
but I said it's all right, because these are,
they're dressed with head banners,
and all the--
Oh, and this is very serious.
The family traditions,
Oh, very serious.
thousands of years' traditions.
That's right, and they did this whole prayer thing,
and made me a Kahuna.
Kahu, I'm sorry, Kahu.
And a Kahu is very powerful
to the Hawaiian people.
It's very powerful.
You have to have done something,
and I didn't even have the time to ask these people
what I had done, because when they finished,
they walked out and I've never seen 'em since.
Never heard from 'em since.
Luckily I had a lot of people there
witnessing this whole thing, because
that's the only reason that I have,
you ask me today, do you call me Fred or Kahu.
I prefer Kahu because that's really my name now.
You know, everybody knows me as Kahu,
and if people call me Fred, I don't know
who they're talking about for the most part.
But that was fascinating.
That is fascinating.
Now, let's start moving into some of what
comes through in contemporary themes.
A lot's happened, a lot of information.
People can go to your site and just,
just massive amounts of information,
and audio files and so forth there,
on a myriad of subjects, but
we'll start at an obvious place.
The election just took place.
It did, yes it did.
We have president-elect Barack Obama.
I know that you had a lengthy channeling session
just yesterday, and there's a lot of information
coming through from your guide, Kirael
about all of this.
Can you tell us the essence
of what has come through regarding,
regarding this turn of events, politically?
I want to say this very clearly.
I'm not suggesting that he's going to be
disrupted or anything along those lines.
I'm not suggesting that yet.
It could happen, because,
let's face it, he's the first black president,
and he's a beautiful, beautiful being,
and but I'll tell you what Master Kirael is saying, he says,
they're gonna take shots at him, very quickly.
The honeymoon's gonna be over
quicker than you can imagine.
And I can feel it already,
but they're saying that, what Master Kirael is saying,
and I say Master Kirael because he is such a master,
but he's saying if we would just
be We the People,
this is our first chance forever, for ever time,
to be the We the People that we know we've got to be.
We the People is gonna go through the shift.
We the People are gonna have to be ready there,
and do those things, but right now
is our opportunity to back this president
as far as we can back him,
and anything that he does that makes sense to us,
if he doesn't make sense then we've got to call him
right there and call him right on that time,
at that time.
Because we're gonna back him
as long as he's doing everything to move us forward.
You know, we've come in,
I'm not a Republican or a Democratic,
or an Independent, I'm not anything.
I'm just a person who goes and votes.
I vote for who I want to vote for.
But what we've learned is that
the last eight years has been at least tenuous,
I mean it's been tough.
Let's be fair first, it's been tough.
We have two wars, we have
economies crashings, everything going wrong.
We've got three million people out of a job
in the United States?
I traveled around the country.
I've traveled to Russia, Austria,
Japan
Yeah, thousands
of people that gather to hear what you have to say,
and Kirael has to say.
And I've heard all this stuff, I've heard from,
in fact my first trip to Russia
was very frightening for me, because
I can only imagine,
I grew up at the time where Russia was a big deal,
so I was a little tentative to go there,
but I went there anyway, and the people are so powerful.
I don't know if you reached Russia,
but you probably should, because
if you're doin' this type of interview,
because these people, they would eat you up.
You know, they would just, like a candy cane,
they'd eat you up.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Because their whole journey is they gotta put on
this huge front of everything.
The women are just,
if you get in an elevator,
and there's three women and two men, or whatever,
the women will stare at you,
and glow at you, and oh my god.
I'm gonna talk to these people?
I'm gonna go back home right now,
and forget this whole journey.
But when they come into the room,
and they come in, they're so sweet,
and soft and gently.
I mean my god, they're such,
I mean, they're just unbelievable.
The whole journey is with Master Kirael,
he said with what I was trying to get to,
allude to with this thing with Russia thing,
these people are hungry.
They want to be with Master Kirael, with me,
with Kryon, with all these people.
They want to be there.
They really want to be there.
They want knowledge
and upliftment, and inspriation.
They've heard of it,
but now they wanted to see it.
They wanted to, you know,
they've only heard the cusps of this whole thing.
Now they can be there.
Anyway, this whole journey was about
this whole unfolding, this whole journey with Master Kirael,
he said when we talk about Barack Obama,
he says he's never said anything negative or anything,
he's just simply saying, "We've got to be We the People."
We've got to be the We the People,
and We the People, and that's what I am trying to be.
I'll always try to be Master Kirael, with Master Kirael,
and he's not a We the People,
he's not even a person, right.
But he's just powerful being, that everybody loves him,
and I say that without any hesitation.
I'm sure there's people that don't love him,
but I've never heard 'em.
But he's so powerful, what he's saying.
He's saying that we've got to stand up for him,
because he's just one man.
You're talking about
for Barack.
Barack, yes,
that's right, he's just the one man.
And he's not gonna do that much.
That's not gonna make my friends out there happy,
but he's not gonna do that much for,
but he's gonna open up the door for you
and I to do it.
Because the spirit has been ignited,
the spirit for change has been ignited.
That's exactly right.
For better or for worst, it's been fueled,
the grid's been fueled for change.
That's right.
So now, this is a
tremendous amount of pressure on one human being
who has some very powerful alliances.
One can talk about, that's a whole other discussion.
The reality is he's walking among lions,
he's placed himself among lions,
and it's up for debate as to whether he believes
he can carry out this agenda,
or whether he's going to carry out their agendas.
But it's up to us.
And how does this look to you
when Kirael's talking about this,
what's it feel like, We the People.
It feels, I don't know,
I never heard him talk.
But I haven't even, I didn't even listen to his tapes.
I'm sorry.
Well, from what other people have reflected back
They reflect back to me,
it makes me very proud of what he's saying,
because he's saying that We the People
can carry this luggage that he's gonna hand off to us.
Well you say, or anybody says,
maybe he's gonna go this way, he's gonna go that way,
doesn't matter because by that time, We the People,
if we have just the courage to go there.
That's the first thing.
And everybody that's gonna listen to this interview,
say who am I to say whether courage or not.
I don't know.
I do know that I feel so positive
when I think about us taking the reins,
even away from him if necessary.
We've got to be there right now.
That's all we can do.
I think this is so right on.
I've done a couple of deep inquiring meditations on it
and I keep seeing the exact same thing.
It's We the People, it's about bringing back
the notion of liberty and justice for all.
And the United States must recover itself.
It's too much of a pivotal point in global everything
to not recover itself.
So this is a big time for We the People.
Well, I think whatever you say right now, because
our economics are so despairing, actually,
but you know, you've got to look around the world.
When we've had these problems
with our economic problems,
what has the rest of the world done?
Did they climb up and stand on top of us?
No, they went down below us.
I know, it's not good.
The nikon went down,
the European went down, everything went down,
and that was their chance.
If they really wanted to,
they wanted to grow above us and America,
which I don't know why they'd want to be
anything above us, because
they've got their own problems.
This gentleman, Putin, the Russian Prime Minister,
he was saying that here's my gift for you.
I'm gonna put some missiles on the Polish border.
And Master Kirael simply said
tell him right, tell the people when you go to Russia,
tell him take 'em off.
Don't talk to Putin, 'cause he's just a figurehead,
from some outside force what you wanna call it,
the secret government or whatever, you know,
you can come up with all the titles you want.
But the point is that We the People
can overpower them right now, if, through,
ah, this is gonna be so embarrassing but,
it's too about being in love.
Love, love and more love,
because if we just find this journey and stay in love,
we're gonna come through this whole journey
with smiles on our faces.
Because we're gonna go into this thing
called a great shift, and I want you
to hear me say this lass, because,
I just called you lass, that's so funny.
That's what Master Kirael calls everybody, lass.
Oh, (chuckles)
You can call me lass.
(stammers) Wow, anyway,
this whole journey is about,
we're gonna have to do something right about now,
right about now, like today,
like I'm doing this interview.
I didn't know we were going to talk about this today,
and I hopefully, this'll get out to the people
you want to get it out to,
because they can hear it and if we got
two people, or a hundred people, or a thousand people,
I don't know, if we get somebody to start think with us,
we could, I don't want to come back in,
you know, they can go to my site and they can hear
all the free things.
We've got so many free things on the site it's unbelievable.
But if they just hear what I'm saying right here,
and they go tell their friends.
Don't tell 'em that a Master Guide tell 'em,
I didn't tell 'em.
They just had this idea that We the People
have got to do something to change our life
for a better place.
We do indeed.
I just interviewed Naomi Wolf,
an author who wrote the book, Give Me Liberty,
and every one of us is getting the same message.
We the People have to stand up.
That's great.
And make ourselves known,
and make our desires known,
and this point that you say is so true, because
there's activism as one thing.
However, to actually shift the frequencies
of this grid takes the love.
Yeah, 'cause it's gonna shift with our without us.
Right, right.
(Kahu laughs)
Do you want to talk about,
I mean 2012's everywhere,
we've been to a 2012 conference recently,
so 2012, it means a lot of things to a lot of people,
but one thing's for sure.
We're in a time of change.
How have you and Kirael,
how have you through Kirael
witnessed or seen what's coming up?
What's it look like?
I'll share it with you right now.
October 18, 2006
I was coming home from work,
from the healing center, from the church,
and I called my wife, I said, "What do you want for dinner?"
And she told and I picked it up at Zippy's
and got home, I walked in the den,
I put it on the dinner table,
and I went into my den room just to change my clothes,
and I had what you'd call a massive stroke.
I mean I just went down, phew, boing.
Woke up in the hospital.
I didn't wake up in the hospital,
I woke up inside the hospital because I was up here,
over my bed looking down at this, at my body,
and I'm thinking, well that looks really gross,
because my face was all drawn, and my,
you know, the two doctors were standing
at the end of the bed, and
a female doctor and a male doctor,
and the female is trying to show her presence.
And she's very boldly telling this doctor,
"Oh, this is just your typical stroke.
"He's never gonna use his right leg,
"and he's gonna use his right arm,
"and his face is gonna be frozen,
"and he's never gonna have a spetch, because
it's all in the left brain.
Your speech, right,
and now you are witnessing this from above.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And I think, so I, (stammers)
"I don't want to do that.
"I don't want to go back in that, because,
"I'm just gonna get out, because,"
(stammers) I don't want to say I was dead,
I don't know what I was doing up there,
but I was up there, so that's all I knew,
but I decided that I was gonna go home right now,
I was gonna go home.
And I heard this beautiful Scottish voice,
what I should never hear.
He said, '"Breathe, laddie, breathe."
And I said, "Okay, I'm going to breathe.
"What are we going to breathe for?"
And I took that first part of breath,
and it came into me, my whole body,
my body just shivered and I was in,
back in the body.
Just like that, boom, I was back in the body,
and thinking oh my god, what have I done?
This is crazy.
But it's too long of a story to tell you, but
I'll tell you this whole journey,
I worked very hard with my breathing.
I was so breathing so loudly that the nurses
came out of the nurse station and come over to look at me,
say, "What is he doing?"
And they looked for a couple of times,
and they just, "Well, he's not gonna hurt anything,
"so let him go."
And I kept doing, and I kept going and going,
and I finally got my toes and my feet,
I pulled it up, my right leg.
I said, "That's not true."
"What they said is not the truth that I understand to be,
"because that means I'm gonna walk out of this."
Three days, I got up and walked out of the hospital.
I thought that would be amazing.
It's amazing.
And I think that, I don't tell anybody this,
because I don't want to hear my story,
but when I think about,
when I started with Master Kirael 20 years ago,
20 years ago he said, "You're gonna have experience
"of three days of darkness."
And I said, "What are the three days of darkness?'
And we've talked about it over years,
years I've turned on this.
This is what comes up
in all the texts and biblically and otherwise
about the days of darkness.
And Master Kirael told me,
my first session back, he told,
I think my wife told me that,
Just tell the Kahu this, she said.
"He's had his three days of darkness.
"He's not gonna have another three days."
Well that's good, is that good, or is that not good?
I'm not sure, you know. (laughs)
But it really was my three days of darkness,
'cause I had nothing in that period.
I had periods where I'd waken, go back out,
and back up, that's all I had, but
it was really my three days of darkness.
You have, you stated you're knowing that you'd be
laying in a field,
and feeling nauseous, and so on and so forth.
Trying to, just lying on my back on the ground
to stay grounded, so to speak.
Because of disorient, I see that period
as disorientation and lots of nausea.
See, when you get to my age, or worse,
we have problems with our pelvic systems
and our brains and everything.
I tell you this, this has been such a fortune
for me to go through this whole journey.
You know, when I came out of the hospital that first day,
told my wife what I wanted for dinner,
and I said, (mumbles incoherently).
That's all I could speak, nothing.
So I had to write it down.
And I can't write, because it was my right was gone, right.
Anyway, so I just got a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
or something, I think, I don't know what it was,
but I got it from her and that was the end of the journey.
But what I'm trying to say to you is that
it was so prevalent for me to go through
this whole journey to be aware of what we're gonna do
right now, right in that timespace.
So if Master Kirael was telling the truth,
which he's
Prone to do?
Prone to be, thank you, thank you.
But he really is prone to this thing called truth.
And he said that I've had my three days of darkness,
which means that when I get to this point.
You know, we have little things in our bodies
that we never recognize.
In my healing, I talk about 'em.
We have the cells, 70 trillion cells in this body.
All of this has a part of a mind, a part of this whole mind,
this whole journey is right there.
Inside these little cell have
a little thing called a mitochondria.
It's called the starter cell.
It's what keeps the cell, actually it's oxygenation
for the cells, right?
What I discovered was is that we also have
stem cells.
Stem cells?
It's a hard subject for me to broach, because
I don't have time to go into any great detail,
but we have stem cells in our brain,
in our brain, we have stem cells in our liver,
not just the stem cells from a,
the baby thing, right?
The fetus, yeah.
That's right.
We've got stem cells in our brain.
So I'm drawing the stem cells.
What I've done, that's why,
you didn't even know I had stroke, right?
Well.
I knew something had happened to you
'cause I had read, but I didn't know it was a stroke.
And you certainly don't
A massive stroke.
appear to have any symptoms
of having had a stroke two years ago.
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate to hear.
I know how different I am, but that's all right, thank you.
This whole journey was about
this stroke, I had to get these brain stems
down into my body.
So I had my son, 38-year-old son,
I was 12 when I had him.
No, just kidding.
(Host laughs)
I had a 38-year-old son that,
he's a healer and a minister at my church and everything,
and he'd come in and he'd do this healing,
and he'd come in and he'd work on my right side,
and the left side, 'cause the left side
there was nothin' here.
There's nothing gone, everything was all gone over here.
The only blood I was gettin' to my brain,
I had 18% going up to my brain.
18 out of a hundred percent, I had 18.
And the doctor was telling me
that I need to get this surgery done,
to put a stent.
Stent? (grimaces)
What's a stent?
Anyway, so I said, how long do I have?
And she said, "Well, you should do it today,
"but we can give you a couple of weeks."
And I said, "Good, couple of weeks."
Three weeks, I put it up to three weeks.
I went back in and had like 40% already open,
from 18 to 40%.
And she was just blown away.
She could not believe it.
The long story short, I come back
about a month, two months later,
and I had 50%.
And actually, I have veins now growing up
from my throat into my brain,
brand new veins that have grown up in there
to do this thing.
And that's not special, it's really not special,
'cause anybody can do this
if you have the courage and you have the know-how.
The doctor, any doctor,
any person that are going to my doctor,
she's a lovely, lovely lady.
But she just had her mind set
to put the stent in and go.
Sure, that's what they're trained into, yeah.
But if people would search out for what
I call alternative medicine,
it really is alternative, fully alternative.
So you were able to get all this functioning back.
And let's go back to how this ties in,
this three days of darkness,
and then the road to recovery
ties back into what the collective is about to experience.
How does Kirael explain what we're about to experience?
Well he says three days of darkness,
he means it totally.
The whole earth plane is going to go dark.
It's because of the photon energy
is gonna be coming around the earth plane,
and it's gonna blot out the sun partially,
not blot it out completely, but make enough to dark.
Does this have anything to do
with polarity shifts?
Absolutely, yes, yeah,
pole shifts are gonna moving.
So he's saying
the same thing.
Yeah, yeah, there's nothing new.
The Maya Hopi are saying the same thing.
Gregg Braden did a thing, you know.
He was one of the first, 20 years ago,
he was talking about it.
Right, we're doing,
the same we're doing.
So you're saying
that is on target, we're headed
that direction for
That's absolutely
for a pole shift.
right.
And so the effect of that?
The effect of that is,
and this is gonna be, let's go for the mind blower, okay.
Master Kirael says that
we're gonna have about two billion people,
two billion people when this is all over with.
Now if you know the head count
on the earth plane,
Well that's
six and a half billion, yeah.
It's six and a half billion, yeah.
I'll tell you this, my friend,
because this is important that I say this,
and it might be the most important thing
I'll say all day, because this,
when we get to this point where we have
two billion people left out of six billion potentials,
two billion, what happened to the other
four billion?
Four billion, for instance, I had a lady
in the seminar yesterday here in Sacramento.
She had two aspects of her,
aspects of her, one was in China,
and one was in Africa.
And the one in China was burning
14 to 16 hours a day, every day,
14 to 16 hours in meditation,
traveling around the world,
doing everything he wanted to do.
Another one who turns out to be
in an African body is like a Shaman priest,
and doing the healing journey,
and how is this little girl gonna be with Master Kirael,
how does she get this energy?
Because at the time of the great shift,
most of 'em are just gonna be,
or prior to the great shift,
gonna be leaving out here.
They're gonna be leaving by droves
and droves of these bodies.
When you say they're going to be leaving,
who's going to be leaving?
That is this aspect.
There's a human aspect of this Chinese young lady,
and an African aspect.
They're gonna leave and they're gonna merge
on the way out, they're gonna merge their energy
into this little Chinese lady,
and she's gonna get all this knowledge
of this guy who's spending 16 to 18 hours a day
every day, and this Shamanic priest
of Africa, they're gonna give all this energy to her,
and what's she to do with it?
Because, and this is too much for you
to try to understand in this short a term,
but you know, what are we gonna do
with those two bodies?
Or four billion bodies?
What are we gonna do with four billion bodies?
So let me just,
let me get conceptually.
Are you saying that
certain individuals, or most individuals
have more than one aspect that's incarnating
at one time?
Yes, yes.
Most people are.
So in other words, there's another
aspect of ourselves that could be incarnated
somewhere else, and we're going to,
we're going to have it narrowed down to
one incarnated being per consciousness,
is what you're saying?
Mmm-hmm, yeah.
And you're gonna get it all back, too.
For instance, you,
I don't know who your aspects are,
we could call Master Kirael and he'd tell you,
but you have to know that you're,
you're doing something for human kind right now.
You're doing a service that you can't even understand it.
I can tell you this, he's telling me, you know,
he's not saying anything, but he's telling me
what I'm to talk about.
What this whole journey's about,
you're doing this unbelievable subjects
of things that you're doing,
of the people that need to hear it.
And that's why you have so many listeners
that you come in, and they hear you talk,
and they may listen to me, and they say,
"Oh, this guy's too weird,
"I'll just wait till the next guy comes up."
That's okay, because
if I get one person that'll listen to me,
because you have got this power,
and you're gonna have this other aspect.
I can't tell you whether, he could tell you,
but you have two aspects on this earth plane.
That's just the way we come into this whole journey.
You go back up into this whole thing that we call the earth,
and this journey to earth.
Whether you call it God-created or Jesus,
or whatever, it doesn't matter you call him,
but at some point somethin' called you
to come to this earth plane.
You came through four bodies to get here.
You came in through your spirit body,
you call it your higher self,
what you call it doesn't matter.
But you figure out what you're gonna do.
Then you came into the mental body.
You've got this omni brain,
not this local brain, but the omni brain,
this omni presence, and you decided
all the things that you wanted to do on this journey,
including what you're doing right now.
Then you came into the emotional,
and this is the beautiful part of us.
You're a beautiful lady, and your emotion is just,
I've realized, once in a while I see your whole
demeanor change of how you hit somethin',
and I see you go right into this whole journey,
and then you get in the physical body, right.
But at that point your aspects are already here.
They know that this great shift is coming.
They probably know more about it
than you and I'll ever know, because
their whole journey is to be feeding you
with this information,
and what you're doing is you're talking
to all these people around the world,
and you're gettin' all this information,
and you're gonna, you know,
you've done this interview with me,
and it's gonna be gone because tomorrow
you've gotta do another interview,
but understand this, I've touched some place
in your psyche, I've touched you somewhere,
and you're gonna remember certain things.
If they're necessary for you to remember.
If you don't you let 'em all go.
Don't even try to hold onto 'em.
Because there's too much to my life
or your life or anybody's life,
you just have to take it in and put it back in there.
Tie into this omni brain and just
download it in there, you know,
that's where you really want to go, because
There's too much in the local brain anyway. (laughs)
Yeah, there is.
There is too much, and I do trust the omni brain.
And so how do we,
so through events that you would consider to be more
physical in nature,
the four million bodies go away?
They just, literally, go away.
Okay.
That's (laughs) for me,
that's a hard one to believe in.
But Master Kirael--
Yeah, it is.
I mean, I've heard a lot of different things.
You think earth changes,
living along the coastal lines, all these obvious things,
but simply go away?
They just simply,
I guess the magic of Master Jesus,
or not Master Jesus but the God, Creator,
whatever you want to call him,
he's just a master beyond masters,
and I guess if it comes down to it,
he can take anything he wants to do,
and just lift this whole journey, just come to,
you know we're not solid, right?
None of us are solid.
And so what does it mean to,
if you hit, if I shot which of 'em,
and you just broke down into nothing,
and you went away.
That'd be the end of it, right?
It's hard for me to believe, but, you know,
he has never,
He hasn't lied to you yet.
20 years, he's never, ever even close to,
my wife would tell you in a heartbeat
why she loves him, because he is the truth.
He always speaks truth.
And he's never said that we're just gonna disappear.
But he tells us you're just not gonna be there anymore.
But then one aspect will be here,
but it's consolidated,
we're a consolidated being,
where all knowledges from all aspects
are brought into the one physical.
Take this little Chinese girl in my office,
seminar yesterday, because she was going,
eyes about this big around, little Chinese eyes, big,
'cause she's saying,
she felt all this that I've just told her,
she felt it.
And so with this guy, this Chinese man in China,
he just simply is going to come to a space
and time and he's just gonna let go,
and he's gonna come to her,
and he's gonna download this.
He's 118 years or something like that,
118 years old, he's gonna give
all this information to her.
He's been meditating for years and years
and years of meditation.
The other journeys and other worlds and spaces
and times and all this stuff,
and then this African guy, he's gonna come up
and two guys, and she's a little,
she's a little tiny thing, you know.
But that's where it comes up.
Their body is gonna be lifted or gone or whatever.
That's gonna be gone, but their consciousness
is gonna go into this little girl here,
and she's gonna be able to speak for them
and herself as well.
And that's the most beautiful part.
Because, you know, you've gotta understand.
We've got too many people on this earth plane
right now, as it is.
But there's so many of them are just gonna go out,
phew, gone.
You said coastal journeys and so on and so forth.
A lot of 'em are gonna go out there.
But some of them are just plain gonna,
I hate to say it, because it
makes me sound like such a fool, but
I'm not, I don't mean to doubt, but I'll tell you this.
To me it sounds a little better than havin'
four billion people lying around rotting.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Rotting?
Oh, definitely
sounds quite a lot better.
I'll give you that one.
(laughing)
I have a question.
Do you have a little more time,
or are you pushed to go?
I'm fine.
No, I'm all right.
Okay, good, because you know what?
There's so much more to talk to you about.
I'd like to wrap up this interview,
and I would like to pick it up again,
and we'll share that.
All right.
Okay.
All right, very good.
Thank you.
(mystical music)
Next month we'll share the continuation
of our conversation with this gentle medium.
There is more intrigue to come.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.